[Trivial] Format "and" as instruction op code (#5680)
ethereum/solidity: docs/assembly.rst

If an opcode takes arguments (always from the top of the stack), they are given in parentheses.
Note that the order of arguments can be seen to be reversed in non-functional style (explained below).

> If an opcode returns a result, it is done by pushing it on the stack.

Reviewer: This sounds like I have to know whether an opcode returns a result or not in order to read the table below. What about removing this sentence and instead changing the next to end in `and all others push exactly one item onto the stack (their "return value")` or something like that.

> Opcodes marked with ``-`` don't return a result (don't push an item onto the stack),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opcodes marked with ``-`` do not return a result (do not push an item onto the stack),
```

You can use integer constants by typing them in decimal or hexadecimal notation and an
appropriate ``PUSHi`` instruction will automatically be generated. The following creates code

> to add 2 and 3 resulting in 5 and then computes the bitwise ``and`` with the string "abc".

Reviewer 2: I think uppercase AND would be more fitting (the push is uppercase too), or italic `bitwise and`.

    3 0x80 mload add 0x80 mstore

> Going through this step by step, from left to right:

Reviewer: I think this goes a little too much in detail for this section (which is just there to explain the benefits of functional style).

Perhaps we could add it to the section that introduces the EVM?

* ``3`` is put on the top of the stack.
* ``0x80`` is put on the top of the stack.

> * ``mload`` is called, which takes the top most element as argument,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``mload`` is called, which takes the topmost element as argument,
```
